Dad?
Why are you here?
If father-in-law doesn't come
How do I know if someone is lying to me again?
cautious
What are you talking about, you piece of shit?
It's unreliable to let you do something
Where's the money dad
Besides money, don't you want to ask me what's wrong?
Anyway, you can't die. You can eat and drink well in the Lu family.
What are you pretending to go
You women, don't argue in front of me
I'm sick of you kowtowing
That's the bottom line.
Then 8 million two families are closed
But the Du family is not obligated to be your housekeeper
Besides, it wasn't my intention to marry your daughter
No, right?
Okay, so now go to the reporter to break the news
Your Lu family is bullying others
The son-in-law must be angry with the father-in-law
Please be patient. I also want to make an appointment for some inheritance.
Talk to them about the Wen Group
Tax evasion
Your dad
You go first
You must be your trash
It upsets my son-in-law
What are you, your wife?
It was my father-in-law who said angry words just now, don't take them to heart
And this wife should be beaten
If he messes with you
Just teach me a lesson.
My classroom doesn't bother you
Wang Ma locks the guest, no need, no need.
I'll go by myself.
For money, you are both a pear tree and a cherry
Acting very hard
Actually, I don't care about my body
I just want to know
You say you love me
Do you not believe
I married you because I love you
It's not because of the money of the Lu family
Then 8 million I'll borrow it from Yuhuan
You are so stingy
Sorry to marry another man
Lack of money and lack of men, right?
Then you pay me for the lack of land